[Music]
hi
i'm divya sharma also known as dr bol
and welcome to
small budget big flavors where i'll be
showing you how to combine great food
and fine dining but in a cost effective
way
so let's kick-start the show by showing
you how to cook a delicious meal for one
[Music]
i'll be making a sardine store-covered
spaghetti
[Music]
i love this recipe as it's really
versatile for example if you don't have
any sardines
you could use another fish like mackerel
or maybe even herring
so let's get started so the first step
is to cook your spaghetti just break it
up and put it into some boiling water
and the next stage is to cook our sauce
so we just
need some oil a tablespoon of olive oil
and then about one onion chopped
and then give it a good stir and we need
to cook this for about five minutes
until they're a bit
golden
so now the onions are nice and soft it's
time to add in your tomatoes
and your garlic and give it a
good stir and we need to cook this
for a further few minutes
[Music]
now the tomatoes and onions are really
soft it's time to add in
our sardines so we just break them up
with the back of the spoon
[Music]
it looks so delicious and just give it a
good stir and cook for a further
few minutes the next step is to add in
your olives
and your papers i actually bought mine
in a jar because then you can use what
you need in this recipe
and save the rest for later so it's
great value for money and give it a good
stir again
and just cook for a further few minutes
so now our sauce is ready we can put in
the drained spaghetti
along with one tablespoon of cooked
water from the spaghetti
pour that in
give that a really good mix
and then top it with some
parsley if you don't have any parsley
you could use
basil instead give it another good mix
[Music]
so now we're ready to plate up this
looks and smells
absolutely delicious and i can't wait to
tuck in it just goes to show that you
don't need complicated or expensive
ingredients
to make a delicious and nutritious meal
tag me
at dr poll and bbc good food with your
version of the dish
now let's tuck in
[Music]
absolutely delicious
you